Fault Tolerant Manual: Add _SupportsStateDict to validate a class is stateful (#10646)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fault Tolerant Manual

>     * Add `_is_obj_stateful` utility to detect if user data loading components are stateful ([#10646](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10646))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Add `_SupportsStateDict` protocool to detect if components are stateful ([#10646](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10646))
```
